What is npm(node package manager)
npm was created so developers can share javascript code that they have written.
We can grab pieces of code, build on top of it and create our product.

    How npm works
This is a website where we can search for packages.
The packages are located in the npm registry
The registry keep track of files that have been submitted
These files are called packages or modules
These files contains two things, a javascript file and a package.json file
package.json file: This is a meta file that describes this package.
packages: are js files that people have written that do one thing really well

    Benefits of using npm
1)You get expertise from others

    Disadvantages of npm
1)Not all packages are good code.
2)It makes your project size bigger.

    yarn
This is also a tool used to grab things from the registry.
This is very similar to npm.

There are 3 types of packages you can download from npm
1)The ones you can use on the front end(jquery)
2)The one that gives you new commands you can use on the command line
3)The ones you can use in the backend(nodejs)      

    Why are we learning this
3 must do things when starting a project
1)we have html, css, and javascript file
2)must be on github
3)you manage dependencies: packages that other people have written. with npm package.json file

    How to set up npm on our computer before using it
1)Download node and you atomatically get npm
    What is node
node helps us to write javascript outside our browser
npm -v : checks the version of npm you have.
node -v : checks the version of node you have.
2)When you are having permission errors when you input a command, 
sudo npm install. The sudo means you are inputting the command as an admin of the computer.
    How to start using npm
1) npm init
This command creates a package.json file in your directory
    What is a json 
A json looks very simiilar to a javascript object 
A JSON file is a text-based file that stores structured data using the JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) format.
    Now that we have a package.json file
we can grab whatever package we want
package 1) live server: This detect changes in our code and automatically update them without having to refresh the browser.
package 2) lodash
package 3) react etc
    npm allows us to install things in two ways
1)globally: if you install globally, you can use it anywhere in your computer eg liveserver
2)locally : if you intall locally, you can only use it in the foldler installed.
    To install live server globally
npm install -g live-server
This will install live server inside our computer not in the folder.
after installation, type: live-server

    To install loadash locally
npm i --save lodash

    package.json file
This serves as a great documentation of what pakages your projects depends on.

dev dependencies: These are packages that are only needed for developement and testing.

npm allows you to do commands from package.json file

unable to create the bundle.js file while using loadash

